U
Hello Looking for a nice weather The snow that started in the west coast at 5 degrees in the middle of the day
We will expand to the whole world.
Minwoo started to stop gradually from Gyeonggi-do, Seoul,
I will stop.
The west coast of Chungcheong province and Jeju island are sometimes snowy or rainy.
Alarms Fore West Gyeongnam province in turn limits ririna Between Ong night rain
I have a place to come.
The central Gdansk, except the right brain is not expected Gangwon east is from 5cm 2
2 Reformed Honam and Jeju Island are up to 10cm and very much here
Other northern Gyeongbuk, Gyeongnam, Gangwon east and west in the interior of 2cm less than you
I expect.
Also Jeju and Gyeongnam Gyeongbuk northern West is weak in strength over less than 5mm
I'm down again .
At lunch time, Seoul will be cloudy and snowing . Temperature is minus 1 degree, image 2 degree
I'll show you the sidewalk.
There is snow yesterday and snow news today .
Cold weather is worried about the length of the beak barrels today after work
Today's lunch menu is simple, but the rice side dish is also good, stir-fried anchovy
I am introducing
Pepper stir fried anchovy is a delicious side dish whenever you eat it
Jjapjjoreum and it has repeatedly taken bullseye and ribonucleotides chumyeo value stir taste in the mouth, the weary
It helps.
Chili pepper is good for fatigue.
Vitamin c is contained more than bell pepper
Also, the thickness of the heat makes the vitamin c less destroyed in the heat.
Capsaicin is contained in the rosin and promotes the appetite of gastric secretion above
But only 100kcal per 50g .
Recommended for diet Anchovy is rich in unsaturated fatty acid dha y2k
Therefore greatly appreciated the b region and the intellectual development of another series and omega fatty acids anchovies
Prevents heart disease
10 Rectal core components prevent acidification of blood and facilitate neurotransmission
I will give
Pepper and anchovies will give the pair a very good match for me orchestrated Ground - nut each
She's leading a silver horse.
Today's lunch is fried anchovy chili anchovy How about the right weather tomorrow again
I'll see you.